---
layout: post
---
ok so I last wrote 8 days ago and I said I would write soon but whatever. Anyway, looking back I wanted to write about distraction so I guess I'll pick up there. It's funny (vague statement, I know), that I get focused on things so much only to give up on them at the last minute. Right now I am at the crossroads of that. I have a program on my computer that is the fruits of over 600 hours of time. But using the data generated from that, I just can't seem to extract anything, not because the data is bad but because I keep getting bugs in the python libraries I am using!
It sounds like a trivial problem-- surely just work around it, but my confidence is petering out. I almost need to find something new and fresh to work on, the irony being that by doing that, I will have left and gotten distracted from what I was supposed to be doing in the first place. (I really wanted to use an exclamation mark there). So I must somehow muster up the effort to just find something from the program. Some little tidbit, detail that I can throw up on a poster and say "science."

When I start writing these blogs/whatever this is, I am very tempted to keep writing more and more and write everyday and write books and articles. But of course, I must realize that writing is inherently communication (in my opinion. I didn't know this could actually be a contentious topic until six months ago...). The real work of art must be the idea or message that the writing is trying to communicated with clarity. So the research is vital to the writing. The research can survive on its own (barely), but the writing can't.

Just like writing, philosophy is a non-empirical study which is why it fails in the hands of the modern, updated version of science. It is a study of the interior, probing your previous knowledge to find answers that no one has ever thought of before (hopefully). But of course, if no one has ever thought of these answers before, you must look to the world around you for inspiration, thus the idea of empirical science being an ideal setting for improving our theory of the world. 

Even this post, while mentally calming and perhaps granting some tidbit of information to the occasional reader, is still inherently worthless. (ah yes, the word inherently). After all, I have already thought these thoughts, and I'm pretty sure a quick google search would show that the kind of meta-thinking I am partaking in has been done on many many occasions. But if I was to go out into the world and discover something via observation. Now that's harder to replicate (now of course this really just points out that everything is about what you are given, because you must have the resources to partake in such studies). 

But somehow, in all this telling to philosophers, to theoretical scientists (i.e. mathematicians) that there work is baloney without empirical science (and the below argument applies to me, as I one day would love to explore the very theoretical side of things), they persist in finding answers from old data, taking past observations that have already been long mulled over. Yeah sure, we can say, "oh they were just a genius" and all, but there's something sinister (at least, in name) going on here.

That is, narcicissm. I mean, to think that you have the brains to think of something not one of 7 billion + people (and to go back to the point of distraction, I literally just got distracted when making sure the world population was still under 8 billion [meta-distraction!]) has thought of before! Now that takes a very large sense of self worth and destiny. So these people, by having such a self-centered focus, start to explore these problems incessently, because they believe they will find the answer because... well they never really get past that part. Nothing can be explained as to why they will find the answer to a particular problem except by the very belief that they will, they will! (barring certain complications).

This is the great freedom of existence that world leaders of free countries have long championed. And perhaps they are championing it, despite the rest of us calling B.S., because they are narcissists and therefore find themselves as world leaders, in an analogous cyclical process as to that described above.

Anway, as always I would love to continue writing well into tomorrow....
But I clearly can't (yells at self to stop)
ok
-- Sam Christian
